JAT (#2007)
huggingface/blog: jat.md

---
title: 'Jack of All Trades, Master of Some, a Multi-Purpose Transformer Agent'
thumbnail: /blog/assets/jat/thumbnail.gif
authors:
- user: qgallouedec
- user: edbeeching
- user: ClementRomac
---

# Jack of All Trades, Master of Some, a Multi-Purpose Transformer Agent

## Introduction

> We're excited to share Jack of All Trades (JAT), a project that aims to move in the direction of a generalist agent. In a nutshell, the project has resulted in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to share Jack of All Trades (JAT), a project that aims to move in the direction of a generalist agent. The project started as an open reproduction of the Gato (Reed et al., 2022) work, which proposed to train a Transformer able to perform both vision-and-language and decision-making tasks. We thus started by building an open version of Gato’s dataset. We then trained multi-modal Transformer models on it, introducing several improvements over Gato for handling sequential data and continuous values.

Overall, the project has resulted in:
```

>>> dataset = load_dataset("jat-project/jat-dataset", "metaworld-assembly")
>>> first_episode = dataset["train"][0]
>>> first_episode.keys()
dict_keys(['continuous_observations', 'continuous_actions', 'rewards'])
>>> len(first_episode["rewards"])
500
>>> first_episode["continuous_actions"][0]
[6.459120273590088, 2.2422609329223633, -5.914587020874023, -19.799840927124023]
```

In addition to RL data, we include textual datasets to enable a unique interface for the user. That's why you'll also find subsets for [Wikipedia](https://huggingface.co/datasets/wikipedia), [Oscar](https://huggingface.co/datasets/oscar), [OK-VQA](https://okvqa.allenai.org) and [Conceptual-Captions](https://huggingface.co/datasets/conceptual_captions).

## JAT agent architecture

JAT's architecture is based on a Transformer, using [EleutherAI's GPT-Neo implementation](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/gpt_neo). JAT's particularity lies in its embedding mechanism, which has been built to intrinsically handle sequential decision tasks. We interleave observation embeddings with action embeddings, along with the corresponding rewards.

<figure class="image text-center">

>   <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/raw/main/blog/jat/model.svg" height="400" alt="Model">

Reviewer 2: I'm seeing broken images for observations. Is that normal?

Author: Strange. I noticed the same thing when you posted the message, but this morning it seems to have been fixed. Can you confirm?

>   <figcaption>Aggregated expert normalized scores with 95% Confidence Intervals (CIs) for each RL domain as a function of learning step.</figcaption>

Reviewer 2: The figure is showing the architecture, not the scores?
